Flag added to toggle daylight saving when used with Schedule:File (#9251)
NREL/EnergyPlus: doc/input-output-reference/src/overview/group-schedules.tex

  60;                 !- Minutes per Item
\end{lstlisting}

\paragraph{Field: Adjust Schedule for Daylight Savings}\label{adjust-schedule-for-daylight-savings-1}

> This field represents the flag that indicates whether or not to include daylight savings time together with the CSV file provided in the Schedule:File object. This indicator is defaulted to "`Yes"' if no input is provided, meaning that daylight savings will be applied, while changing this flag to "`No"' will not apply daylight savings to the schedule. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field indicates whether or not to shift the schedule forward an hour during daylight savings time. If "`Yes"' the schedule skips forward an hour in the CSV on the "spring forward" day and repeats an hour on the "fall back" day. If  "`No"', the schedule is read and applied in standard time, without adjusting for DST. This indicator is defaulted to "`Yes"' if no input is provided. 
```

> This field indicates whether or not to shift the schedule forward an hour during daylight savings time. If "Yes" the schedule skips forward an hour in the CSV on the "spring forward" day and repeats an hour on the "fall back" day. If  "No", the schedule is read and applied in standard time, without adjusting for daylight savings time. This indicator is defaulted to "Yes" if no input is provided. 

Reviewer 2: Please fix the quote marks. Use \`\`text''.

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer 3: Maybe add a reference to the [DST](https://bigladdersoftware.com/epx/docs/9-6/input-output-reference/group-location-climate-weather-file-access.html#runperiodcontroldaylightsavingtime) object? Via Latex, not the web (hopefully that was obvious, just easier for me to find the web version 😀)

Author: DST object referenced in LaTeX.

Here is an IDF example:

\begin{lstlisting}
	Schedule:File,
	TestName,	!- Name
	Any Number,	!- Schedule Type Limits Name
	schedulefile.csv, !- File Name
	2,		!- Column Number
	1,		!- Rows to Skip at Top
	8760,		!- Number of Hours of Data
	Comma,		!- Column Separator
	No,		!- Interpolate to Timestep
	60,		!- Minutes per Item

> 	No;		!- Flag to Adjust Schedule for Daylight Savings

Reviewer 3: Remove "Flag to " from field comment to match IDD.

Author: "Flag to " removed.

\end{lstlisting}

> 

Author: Added a paragraph in the documentation detailing the use of the optional flag to choose whether or not to shift the schedule values when daylight savings time is being included with a "Yes" value for the indicator.
